Excellent.
Once we know the very very basics that in order to start working would see us as good.
We're going to have to have some kind of parent container as well as children and in order to start
using these things as grid layout we need to head over to a parent container and use the display properly
set it equal to grid and then come up with our columns.
So the first column is gonna be let's say some kind of value.
And if we would want to have a second column we just have a space and then value for the second column
and a property for that is grid.
Template columns.
Now let's look at the implicit grid.
Now I know it sounds mouthful but what it means is that we're just going to show how smart is C says
grid.
So let's imagine this scenario we have right now two items two children items and two columns.
And that's the reason why we have this particular layer.
But let's imagine this scenario where I'm just gonna copy and paste and I'm going to say you know what.
There's going to be more items here.
So number three cell number four cell number five and you guessed it cell number six.
And the moment we it notice something really really cool where US says grid is smart.
Yes as grid sees.
Okay.
So you wanted to have two columns one for two hundred pixels and one for 300 pixels but you keep on
adding the items you not only have the item one and number two you have all the way to the six.
So what I'm going to do this as grid is saying well I'm going to keep on creating rows that match the
layout that you wanted you wanted to have a two column layout which you keep on adding the items.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to keep on adding rows and that is something called implicit grid
where explicitly currently we haven't covered even or added the values for ourselves.
Don't worry we're going to cover that.
But currently we don't have the values for the rows.
We don't have how many rows we don't have the actual width of the rows.
However what happens would see us as grid is if we specifically say what kind of columns or how many
columns we would want see says grid is going to create a layout for us.
So in our scenario if let's say we change our minds and if we say OK you know what I would want to have
a one column layout see as good as like.
OK.
So you wanted one column land so all your items were going to be stacked in one column.
Now if I changed my mind again and if I say OK you know what.
I wouldn't want one column layout but I would want a three column layer.
So what happens right now.
As good is again smart enough it seems okay here are your three columns that then in this case you have
only six items so I can fit them into rows so that way we have only two row and notice how we don't
have any extra empty space or anything like that.
Now if we're going to add even more item let's say a cell number seven notice we're going to be back
to a three year rollout because now sister's grid says Okay you wanted a three column layer you got
it you have three column layout but then you have seven items.
So I cannot fit them anymore into rows.
So what I'm going to do again I'm going to create a implicit grid where I'm going to add one more new
extra row that you didn't specifically happen.
So hopefully you get the gist that I can add let's say five thousand or seven million items and they
are going to be structured exactly like I wanted within my great template columns and this is something
called implicit grid.